DOC-701 Cloud HA description (#1371)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/databases/high-availability.md

> Title: High Availability

Author: ```suggestion
Title: High availability
```

> description: Describes database replication and high availability as it affects Redis Enterprise Cloud.   

Author: ```suggestion
linkTitle: High availability
description: Describes database replication and high availability as it affects Redis Enterprise Cloud.   
```

> Title: High Availability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: Database replication and high availability
linkTitle: Replication & availability
```

> description:

Reviewer 2: Can we add a description that indicates that this page is for Redis Enterprise cloud HA?

Author: Good idea.

> description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes database replication and high availability as it affects Redis Enterprise Cloud.   
```

weight: 90
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["RC"]
aliases: 

---

> Database replication helps ensure high availability. When replication is enabled, your dataset is duplicated to create a replica, which is constantly synchronized with the primary dataset. Replication allows for automatic failover and greater fault tolerance, to help prevent data loss should something go wrong. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Database replication helps ensure high availability. When replication is enabled, your dataset is duplicated to create a replica, which stays in sync with the primary dataset. Replication allows for automatic failover and greater fault tolerance. This can prevent data loss in the event of a hardware, zone, or regional failure. 
```

Redis Enterprise Cloud supports three levels of replication:

- _No replication_ means that you will have a single copy of your database.
- _Single-zone replication_ means that your database will have a primary and a replica located in the same cloud region. If anything happens to the primary, the replica takes over and becomes the new primary.

> - _Multi-zone replications_ means that the primary and the replicas are stored in different region zones, which provides additional protection by distributing the replicas.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- _Multi-zone replication_ means that the primary and its replicas are stored in different regions. This means that your database can remain online even if an entire region becomes unavailable.
```

> Each subscription plan has different replication options available:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your replication options depend on which subscription plan you're using:
```

- _Free_ plans do not support replication.
- _Fixed_ plans allow you to choose between no replication or single-zone replication.

> - _Flexible_ plans have single-zone replication enabled by default, and allow you to upgrade to multi-zone replication. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- _Flexible_ plans enable single-zone replication by default and allow you to upgrade to multi-zone replication. 
```

To learn more about Redis Enterprise Cloud subscriptions, see [Manage subscriptions]({{<relref "/rc/subscriptions/_index.md>}}).

> To learn more about high availability and replication:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about high availability and replication, see:
```
